# Curam-example

Curam calls their UI files UIM(User Interface Meta-data).  The UI, shown in "uim example.jpg", is mostly XMl based as exampled in "uim common example.xml".  All these XML style pages have a server interface that uses java beans to pass input and output to and from the UI.  Some of these server interfaces need an extended path or "xpath" to pull the data out of the java bean object, "uim xpath example.xml".  This is mostly for the data coming from the stored XML blobs since the object has just parsed the blob into a xml tagged string.  There are a few pages that use jsp, usually url resolver pages when multiple pages can be called from 1 source, "uim jsp example.xml".

Each UIM has a related properies file, like "uim properties example.txt" for titles, field names, etc.  

An example of middle layer is "Person_fo.java".  This would be the java file related to the server interface in "uim common example.xml".  All base and abstract classes in Curam are generated automatically by the model, "model stored procedures.jpg".  The search method would be a method contained on the Person_fo model entity.  Assuming this was a non-standard method, we could insert a SQL statment in the properties of this method on the model to run the seach.  All we would have to do in the java file is create an instance of the Person_fo class and run the method.  The model allows us to set input and outpur types for all entity methods.

The second part of the Curam system is the eligibility rules engine.  When a client comes into a county DHHS office, we enter them into the system and create an application for a certain program: food stamps, welfare, medicaid, etc.  These applications contain information on the client such as income, citizenship, residency, etc.  Once all the information has been entered, the case worker will run the rules engine to check the client's eligibility for that specific program.  This rules engine is written in functional XML.  This XML contains objects, loops, if/else statements, or/and conditionals, and more.  I created a training guide for all these functions for my team as a training tool, "NCFAST Rules Training.pptx".
